When would you want to create a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

A remote repository would be for all to see; possibly a final and finished version.  where as a local copy would be something that you are working on that hasnt been finished as of yet.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

With manual deploys, you can create an immediate deployment of any branch at any time; if you want to control when changes are deployed.
With automatic deploys, you build and deploy all pushes you have developed. Some times; i am guessing, this process could occur before any final checks have been completed. Pushing inaccurate, erroneous information.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?

FORK
To fork a project you would clone the remote repository to create a copy of it, then do your own work in your local repository and commit changes.

CLONE
Clones a repository into a newly created directory, creates remote-tracking branches and creates and checks out an initial branch that is forked from the cloned repository’s currently active branch.

BRANCH
Within a repository you have branches, which are effectively forks within your own repository. Your branches will have an ancestor commit in your repository, and will diverge from that commit with your changes. Branches let you work on multiple disparate features at once.

WHEN Would You Use Them
You would use a fork when you want to reproduce somebody elses/or your own repository onto Github.
A clone would create a local copy of a repository on your machine from Github.
You use branches when you want too produce an experimental off shoot versions off the main core program features.


What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

    Fill in your answer here

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

    Fill in your answer here

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master?  What benefits does each approach have?

    Fill in your answer here
